(Yuma)
Last time onYu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL...
My power has returned to me.
And now my true reign begins!
I have fused your world
and Barian World together.
Aah!
(Yuma) It can't be...
(Astral) Let us duel as one!
(Yuma)
I build the Overlay Network
and XYZ Summon
Number 39... Utopia!
You seem confident...
Let us find out
if your confidence holds
once a new reality sets in.
Utopia!
What's going on?
What is Ganbara Knight
doing here?
I activated
Numeron XYZ revision.
I have mastery over the past,
present and future.
So I rewrote your past.
That must mean...
Don Thousand has acquired
the power of the Numeron Code!
(Don Thousand)
Fusing our two worlds
together allowed me
to activate the field spell
Numeron network
giving me mastery
over the Numeron Code.
With this new power,
I can finally rip
a portal between dimensions.
Extinction looms moments away
for both Earth
and Astral World!
♪ ♪
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ 'Cause divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go,
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time,
we"'re in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today ♪
♪ You just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears are gone
erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls ♪
♪ 'Til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can"'t be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regret it never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to Forever ♪
♪ Our light
comes shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to Forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
Your defeat is inevitable.
It is my destiny to
rule the galaxy.
Destiny? As if!
(Yuma)
My friends and I are takin'
you down, Don Thousand.
(Tori)
C'mon guys...
I know you can do this.
Face it.
(grunting)
We're never giving up.
Such spirit...
But deep within you must
know that your efforts
to stop me are all in vain.
(Astral)
Don Thousand's field spell
Numeron network
gives him
a significant advantage.
If we do not find
a way to prevent him
from rewriting our actions,
we will not win this duel.
(Don Thousand)
It is my turn... I draw!
And thus begins your end...
Numeron calling!
(Don Thousand)
All the energies of
Barian World
course through the Numeron
Network to power this card...
allowing me to summon
four Numbers at once!
And these will be
no ordinary Numbers.
Witness the advent
of true power...
the first four Numbers!
He's just kidding right?
(Don Thousand)
The Numbers 1 through 4
you faced before
were my creations.
Allow me to demonstrate the
might of the genuine articles!
First is Number 4!
Numeron Gate Catvari!
(Yuma)
Look at the size
of that thing!
(Don Thousand)
Next I summon...
Number 3 and Number 2
Numeron Gate Trini!
And Numeron Gate Dve!
And finally...
Witness the ascent of Number 1!
Ah!
Uhh!
(Don Thousand)
Numeron Gate Ekam!
(Yuma) Whoa!
They can all combine?!
(Don Thousand)
The original four
come together
to form the Numeron Gate.
But each one's only got
a thousand attack points.
Yuma, smash
those things to bits!
Smash 'em with what?
The only monster on our field
has no attack points.
And all of its special
abilities have been negated.
We can't go charging
straight at those things.
Our situation may look bleak,
but we do have one advantage
Now that he has monsters,
he can no longer use Numeron
Network to rewrite our cards.
Good point.
Number 1 Ekam attacks
Ganbara Knight!
I activate Half Unbreak!
This trap'll save Ganbara
Knight from destruction
and cut the damage
I take in half.
Even so...
The damage you did take
will also rain down
on Astral World!
(both gasping)
(Astral) No...
The battle has begun.
Not only is
Astral World's fate at stake,
but also every living
being in the galaxy.
(Don Thousand)
Tell me, Astral...
How does it feel to
witness your own Armageddon?
(groaning)
You're the lowest of the low!
(Nash)
Stay cool.
Huh?
You need to focus
on surviving this turn.
(Don Thousand) Surviving?
I think not.
After every battle,
Ekam can use one Overlay Unit
to double the attack points
of all my Numeron monsters.
Except that Ekam doesn't
have any Overlay Units.
Your attempts to outwit me
are amusing!
But with Numeron
Network in play,
my Numeron monsters do not
need Overlay Units
to activate
their special abilities.
What?
Seriously?
(gasps)
The energy flowing
through the Numeron Network
is powering his monsters.
(Don Thousand)
Ekam uses its special ability
to double
my monsters' attack points!
And my other three Numbers
possess this ability as well!
So every time he battles,
those monsters are gonna
get a lot stronger.
(groaning)
Then how can we beat him?
Yuma.
Huh?
We must take away his advantage
by eliminating
the Numeron Network.
But how do we do that?
I'm all for it, but we don't
know where the card is.
(Astral)
When Don Thousand activates
the Field Spell,
a light
runs through the network
that threads throughout
this world...
Perhaps the energy is flowing
toward the source
of the Network.
I can attempt to follow
the energy signature
back to its origin...
and discover the location
of the Numeron Network card.
This means you two will
have to duel without my help.
But Astral...
(Astral)
This is our only hope...
Just survive long enough
for me to locate the card...
He's gone.
(Don Thousand)
So the coward abandoned you.
He knew as I do
it is pointless to resist.
Now...
Cower before the guardian
of the Numeron Gate!
Dve advance forward
and attack Ganbara Knight!
(roaring)
That takes the word
"ugly" and raises it
to a whole new level!
Get ready, Yuma.
Yeah, I'm on it.
I activate Half Unbreak
again to protect my monster!
Aah!
(both groaning)
(Don Thousand)
As with Ekam, DVE's
special ability
doubles the attack points
of every piece
of the Numeron Gate.
We have to buy Astral time
to find
the Numeron Network card...
Whatever it takes,
we've got to hold on.
I know.
(Don Thousand)
Now an even more powerful
Numeron Trini
attacks Ganbara Knight!
One more time, Half Unbreak!
(screaming)
(both groaning)
Yuma! You okay?
(Don Thousand)
Number 3's special
ability activates.
Once again, the attack points
of my Numeron monsters double.
(groaning) 8,000 attack points.
Half Unbreak won't be
enough to save us this time.
(groaning)
The time has come.
Farewell.
Your struggle is over.
As are you.
Attack Ganbara Knight
and end this duel!
(both gasping)
(Nash)
Not going to happen because
I have Cutter Shark!
It switches places with
Ganbara Knight in defense mode!
Wow, thanks for havin' my back!
(groaning)
I am getting closer...
Your persistence is
starting to annoy me.
You are only delaying
your demise.
Catvari's special ability
doubles all my monsters'
attack points again.
16,000 attack points?
I am not done!
Numeron Network allows me
to rank up Ekam
into a Chaos Monster.
No way...
(Don Thousand)
I overlay Numeron Gate Ekam!
Behold the rise of
Chaos Number 1!
(gasping)
Witness the ultimate
harbinger of destruction.
Numeron Chaos Gate Sunya!
(sinister laughter)
When I summon Sunya,
I can banish every monster
on the field.
However, Sunya returns
to my field
at the beginning
of my next turn.
And when it does...
you will take damage
equal to the combined
attack points
of every monster
that was banished.
(Yuma) That's...
50,000 points of damage.
If he's able to
get to his next turn...
it's all over.
I draw!
First I summon Boom Shark!
It self-destructs
when it battles...
but when it does,
you take damage
equal to its attack points.
And speaking of attack points,
I activate the
spell card Aqua Jet,
which'll give Boom Shark
some extra fire power.
Good stuff!
Now you can attack
Don Thousand directly
and dish out 4,000 points
of damage to win the duel!
I wish.
Huh?
I activate Numeron
Network's effect.
By sending a Numeron card
from my deck to the graveyard,
I can activate its effect.
Huh?
The card I am sending is...
Numeron Spell Revision!
When you play a spell card,
Numeron Spell Revision
rewrites that card
into an entirely
different spell.
(Nash)
It changed into
the spell card Surface!
(Don Thousand) Correct.
So instead of
powering up Boom Shark,
you instead have to
summon a Water monster
from your graveyard
in defense mode.
I summon Cutter Shark...
(Don Thousand)
And Boom Shark self-destructs
when another monster
appears on your field.
So much for your strategy!
(gasping)
(groaning)
I must go on...
I have to reach
the source of this energy...
(screaming)
We're cooked...
As long as he has
Numeron Network,
he can keep swapping
cards on us both.
(Nash)
Don't give up.
Hmm?
We'll fight
to our last life point!
Of course.
I activate the spell
Rank-Up Rising!
When a Water monster
is destroyed
and sent to the graveyard,
I can use Rank-Up Rising
to pull a Rank-Up-Magic
card from my deck
and add it to my hand.
I activate Rank-Up-Magic...
the seventh one!
Ah!
Take to the skies Number
101... Silent Honor Ark!
But I'm not done yet!
With this one monster,
I rebuild the Overlay Network!
Chaos XYZ Evolution!
Get ready for Chaos Number
101... Silent Honor Dark!
You couldn't swap cards
on me this time...
because Numeron
Network's effect
can only be used once per turn.
And now, Silent Honor Dark
uses all its
Chaos Overlay Units
to summon Silent Honor Aar
back from the graveyard!
You did it, Shark!
All you gotta do
is attack with those two
and he's done for!
Interesting...
Have you been planning
this from the beginning?
That's right, I've
been planning your defeat
even before your hair started
glowing like a light bulb.
I never would have imagined
that someone like you
could actually beat me.
You don't have to imagine.
You're going to live it!
Silent Honor Ark
attacks you directly!
And Silent Honor Dark
finishes you off.
Bye-bye, Don Thousand!
You fools.
I am not going anywhere.
Since I took battle damage,
I can summon Numeron Wall
from my hand
and instantly end the battle.
(both gasping)
As I said,
I could never imagine
someone like you defeating me.
(grunting) This isn't over.
(Astral) That light...
This is it...
I have located
the Numeron Network card.
Astral found the card.
But you are too late, Astral.
My victory is assured.
Not if you lose access to the
Numeron Network, Don Thousand.
(Don Thousand) Amusing.
Just how do you
plan on doing that?
Quite simple.
I will remove this card
and then destroy it.
I see.
But if you destroy that card,
then all the immense
energy that has accumulated
at that location will be
instantly unleashed,
rippling outward
in all directions.
Though Astral World
may survive,
Earth definitely will not.
(Yuma) So wait, you mean...
Earth will be destroyed?
(Don Thousand)
What will you do?
Will you sacrifice Earth
to save Astral World?
Astral...
If you do not, then I shall
annihilate your friends
along with your precious home.
The choice is yours...
Do I save Earth,
or do I save Astral World?
I know what I must do.
My decision is clear.
Uh, Astral?
Wait a second...
what are you doing?
Astral!
(Astral)
I know what I must do...
And I do this...
For the future!
Astral brought that
card out of hiding.
Now I know what I've got to do.
I activate Silent Honor
Dark's special ability!
It absorbs your monster
and turns it into
a Chaos Overlay Unit!
Then I activate the spell
card Depth Eruption!
And it's a real game changer
because this eruption destroys
every card on the field.
What are you doing?
Oh, no...
Shark, without Numeron Network,
Earth will be wiped out!
(Astral) Yuma...
Can you hear me?
Do not worry.
Earth will be fine.
I will absorb all the energy.
(gasping)
You what?
Astral, you can't do that!
There's no way you
could ever survive it!
(Astral)
It is up to you now, Yuma.
Do not lose.
You must feel the flow,
my friend.
Don't do this!
(groaning)
This is really
not cool, Astral!
I mean... There has to
be another way, right?
There's always another way.
Astral, don't go!
Farewell... Yuma...
(gasping)
(Astral) Eliphas?
Astral...
What are you doing here?
Atoning for my past mistakes.
You have given much hope to
the people of Astral World.
We cannot lose you now.
He's absorbing the power!
Astral... My time
has finally come...
But your time
is just beginning.
Eliphas! No!
Whoa, no way...
Eliphas... how dare
you interfere.
Eliphas saved Earth.
Astral...
(Astral) He is no more.
But he left us something
to remember him by.
He placed the future of
Astral World in our hands...
And I have no intention
of letting him down.
Because I know this.
We must win this duel
at all costs.
For our friends...
For the future...
You don't have to
convince me...
Let's do this!
When Silent Honor
Dark is destroyed
while it has
Chaos Overlay Units,
it resurrects back to my field!
And then...
We regain life points
equal to Silent Honor Dark's
attack points.
I place one card
facedown and end my turn!
Awesome.
Your win's not a sure
thing anymore, is it?
But I'll tell you what is!
For the sake of
the whole universe...
you're going down!